site/content/en/prices.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-07-08T00:28:48+01:00"
title = "Prices"

lang = "en"
[menu]
  [menu.en]
    weight = 1
+++


Offers (for 2 guests)
---------------------
The following offers are available for 2 guests:

 * 1 night and dinner for only
   {{< data "prezzi" "offerte" "notte_e_cena" >}}
   € (excluding beverages).
 * 1 night and 1 cooking lesson for only
   {{< data "prezzi" "offerte" "notte_e_lezione" >}} €.
 * 2 nights and 1 dinner for only
   {{< data "prezzi" "offerte" "2_notti_e_1_cena" >}}
   € (excluding beverages).
 * 1 cooking lesson
   {{< data "prezzi" "offerte" "lezione" >}}
   €/person.

For more information contact Flavio at the address
[info@trecamini.net](info@trecamini.net) or at number 0039 3771998356.


Prices
------
All prices include breakfast.

<table class="table table-striped">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Room</th>
      <th>Price per night</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>

    <tr>
      <td>Double room (single use)</td>
      <td>{{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "doppia_singolo" >}} €/night</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>Double room</td>
      <td>
        From {{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "doppia" "da" >}}
        to {{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "doppia" "a" >}} €/night
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>Triple room</td>
      <td>
        From {{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "tripla" "da" >}}
        to {{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "tripla" "a" >}} €/night
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>Supplementary bed</td>
      <td>{{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "letto" >}} €/night</td>
    </tr>

  </tbody>
</table>

{{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "sconto" >}}% discount from the third night in a row.
This discount cannot be combined with other promotions.

VISA and MasterCard are accepted.

To check availability and to book contact us:

  * By e-mail writing to [prenota@trecamini.net](mailto:prenota@trecamini.net)
  * By phone calling number 0039 3771998356


Opening season
--------------
The B&B I3 Camini is open from March to November and during the Christmas period.


<div id="TA_cdsscrollingravenarrow772" class="TA_cdsscrollingravenarrow">
  <ul id="DU2tE1" class="TA_links aSzPTMZXZjt">
    <li id="uB8AAXTih" class="OzuDmWjq6FN">
      <a target="_blank" href="https://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/">
        <img src="https://static.tacdn.com/img2/t4b/Stacked_TA_logo.png"
             alt="TripAdvisor" class="widEXCIMG" id="CDSWIDEXCLOGO" />
      </a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
<script src="https://www.jscache.com/wejs?wtype=cdsscrollingravenarrow&amp;uniq=772&amp;locationId=2136774&amp;lang=en_UK&amp;border=true&amp;display_version=2"></script>

Commit message:

Move building description to prices page.

site/content/en/prices.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-07-08T00:28:48+01:00"
title = "Prices"

lang = "en"
[menu]
  [menu.en]
    weight = 1
+++


Offers (for 2 guests)
---------------------
The following offers are available for 2 guests:

 * 1 night and dinner for only
   {{< data "prezzi" "offerte" "notte_e_cena" >}}
   € (excluding beverages).
 * 1 night and 1 cooking lesson for only
   {{< data "prezzi" "offerte" "notte_e_lezione" >}} €.
 * 2 nights and 1 dinner for only
   {{< data "prezzi" "offerte" "2_notti_e_1_cena" >}}
   € (excluding beverages).
 * 1 cooking lesson
   {{< data "prezzi" "offerte" "lezione" >}}
   €/person.

For more information contact Flavio at the address
[info@trecamini.net](info@trecamini.net) or at number 0039 3771998356.


Prices
------
All prices include breakfast.

<table class="table table-striped">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Room</th>
      <th>Price per night</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>

    <tr>
      <td>Double room (single use)</td>
      <td>{{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "doppia_singolo" >}} €/night</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>Double room</td>
      <td>
        From {{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "doppia" "da" >}}
        to {{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "doppia" "a" >}} €/night
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>Triple room</td>
      <td>
        From {{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "tripla" "da" >}}
        to {{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "tripla" "a" >}} €/night
      </td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>Supplementary bed</td>
      <td>{{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "letto" >}} €/night</td>
    </tr>

  </tbody>
</table>

{{< data "prezzi" "tariffe" "sconto" >}}% discount from the third night in a row.
This discount cannot be combined with other promotions.

VISA and MasterCard are accepted.

To check availability and to book contact us:

  * By e-mail writing to [prenota@trecamini.net](mailto:prenota@trecamini.net)
  * By phone calling number 0039 3771998356


The building
------------
Located in Perledo (Varenna) on Como Lake.
All rooms offer space, confort, internet connection and a
perfect panoramic view.

We offer 2 rooms, Rubin and Topaz with perfect panoramic view, bathroom with
hydromassage shower, common room with WiFi and parking Ticket in Varenna
station park. Breakfast included. Private garden, car parking. 
Reception in Italian and English.

Our BB it's a perfect base both for your trips on lake or in
Valtellina/Valsasina, for your relax and to discover the local trails.

Eliana e Flavio will be pleasure to offer you their historical and logistic
knowledge on local actraction to give you the opportunity to have a pefect
holiday.

By car we are 50 min. far from Como/Sondrio, 1h far from Milano/Lugano (Swiss),
1 h 20 min. from Orio al Serio/Malpensa airport, 2 h from St. Moriz (Swiss).


Opening season
--------------
The B&B I3 Camini is open from March to November and during the Christmas period.


<div id="TA_cdsscrollingravenarrow772" class="TA_cdsscrollingravenarrow">
  <ul id="DU2tE1" class="TA_links aSzPTMZXZjt">
    <li id="uB8AAXTih" class="OzuDmWjq6FN">
      <a target="_blank" href="https://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/">
        <img src="https://static.tacdn.com/img2/t4b/Stacked_TA_logo.png"
             alt="TripAdvisor" class="widEXCIMG" id="CDSWIDEXCLOGO" />
      </a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
<script src="https://www.jscache.com/wejs?wtype=cdsscrollingravenarrow&amp;uniq=772&amp;locationId=2136774&amp;lang=en_UK&amp;border=true&amp;display_version=2"></script>
